Add note for workbench that osx-64 is no longer going to be supported (#39846)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.14.0/Workbench/Deprecated/123456789.rst

> - This is the last version that will support intel osx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is the last version that will support Intel macOS devices.
```
